---
layout:	post
title:		"Jeju-do Tour"
date:		2015-08-17 18:36:48
categories:	south-korea, travelling
---
Currently finishing up my tour of Jeju-do in South Korea. I have been here for almost 3 days now and am somewhat satisfied with my trip so far. Wish I can do more though. I still think 3 days is more than enough for Jeju, and by that I mean a full 3 days. I arrived at around 1pm local time and quickly found out that most of the time you're spending on transit. If I come back next time, I'm definitely driving instead. 

###Day 1 Jeju City
Arrived at the airport at around 1pm and quickly found a bus to take to my hostel. I stayed at the Forest Hostel in Jeju City. Once I checked-in, I quickly changed into something more comfrotable and went to Hamdeok beach. The bus ride was about 30 minutes long, but the beach was well worth it. Lots of beautiful people and scenary. I was totally unprepared for the beach though, so I ended up walking around and drinking beer before heading back. By the time I got back to my hostel it was around 6:30pm, so dinner time. Met some German guy in my room and talked a bit. Had beers with him too. Pretty cool stuff. Met some other people at the hostel too, and drank with them as well.

###Day 2 Manjanggul Cave, Udo
First thing in the morning, was to eat some toast and drink some tea. Afterwards, I slowly got dressed and met with the people I talked with on day 1. Bus ride to the cave took about an hour from my hostel. Also ended up taking a taxi as soon as we got off the bus outside of the long path to the entrance. We went to Manjanggul Cave and did the typical walking tour minus a tour guide. The tour itself is all self-guided and very cool (quite literally) if you're into geology. Took some cool pics I think and then left. After the cave, we ate some lunch at a tourist trap restaurant near the cave. Holy crap it was expensive, but I guess that's what the island is, a huge tourist trap. After eating, we hailed a taxi and went to Udo. The taxi ride was about 30 minutes and costed 30,000 won. Going with a group has it's benefits.

When we arrived at the port, we purchased some ferry tickets and boarded the ferry. Ride itself is about 15 minutes. When we arrived at the Udo port, we rented some bikes for 8,000 won apiece (normal cost is 10,000, but we haggled it down). Did a self guided bike tour of the island coast. Started at around 2:30pm and finished at 5pm. The island itself has an extremely rural feel to it, and also kinda feels like it was misdeveloped. There are places there that were developed to attract more tourists, but it feels like that failed and everything ended up being really sparse apart from the beaches. After the bike tour, we headed back to Jeju city for drinks and dinner.

The dinner was pretty interesting. The food iteslf was all raw shellfish and raw squid. The squid I ate was still squirming and felt it squirm all the way down to my stomach. Nasty. The food wasn't the interesting part though. Towards the end of our meal, we were invited to another table by some older Korean guy and what I'm assuming are his friends and family. Here's the kicker, the guy was piss drunk, but started feeding us some raw fish. Literally feeding us with the chopstick straight into the mouth. Korean hospitality at it's finest! After dinner, we said our thank yous and goodbyes to the family and went to the nearest CU (a convenience store chain) and got some Makgeoli (Jeju style Makgeoli included) and drank and chilled.

###Day 3 Solo Hike Up Hallasan
Woah boy, this mountain. The highest peak in South Korea. What a hike, my feet were on fire the whole time. It didn't help that my shoes were not meant for hiking either (Nike Frees if you're interested). Was that a painful experience. The hike itself is a 9.6km trek up the mountain (9.6km one way) depending on the trail you take. The trail that I took was the Seongpanak trail as that was the only one going to the summit at the time. Normally, most people go up one of the summit trails and then descend at the other, but because one of those trails had a rockslide recently, it was closed. What a shame. Going up took me about 4hrs. Going down took me about 3.5hrs. Going down was extremely painful, because of the lack of proper ankle support and sharp rocks. But anyways, the hike itself is moderately difficult. It was my first hike in a long time and first hike up a mountain. While hiking up the mountain, I felt really at peace with the nature surrounding me. Kinda a zen moment except very painful. The summit view was absolutely amazing, what with the crater and an almost 180 view of the entire island. No doubt on a perfectly clear day and with both trails open, I would have probably been able to see almost the entire island.
